1. Python: PyTorch is a Python library, so you should have some familiarity with the Python programming language, including control structures (e.g., if/else statements, for/while loops), functions, and object-oriented programming.


n Python, object-oriented Programming (OOPs) is a programming paradigm that uses objects and classes in programming. It aims to implement real-world entities like inheritance, polymorphisms, encapsulation, etc. in the programming. The main concept of OOPs is to bind the data and the functions that work on that together as a single unit so that no other part of the code can access this data.

Main Concepts of Object-Oriented Programming (OOPs) 
Class
Objects
Polymorphism
Encapsulation
Inheritance
Data Abstraction

Class 
A class is a collection of objects. A class contains the blueprints or the prototype from which the objects are being created. It is a logical entity that contains some attributes and methods. 

Objects
The object is an entity that has a state and behavior associated with it. It may be any real-world object like a mouse, keyboard, chair, table, pen, etc. Integers, strings, floating-point numbers, even arrays, and dictionaries, are all objects. More specifically, any single integer or any single string is an object. 


The self  
Class methods must have an extra first parameter in the method definition. We do not give a value for this parameter when we call the method, Python provides it
If we have a method that takes no arguments, then we still have to have one argument.
This is similar to this pointer in C++ and this reference in Java.


The __init__ method 
The __init__ method is similar to constructors in C++ and Java. It is run as soon as an object of a class is instantiated. The method is useful to do any initialization you want to do with your object. 


Inheritance
Inheritance is the capability of one class to derive or inherit the properties from another class. The class that derives properties is called the derived class or child class and the class from which the properties are being derived is called the base class or parent class. The benefits of inheritance are:
It represents real-world relationships well.
It provides the reusability of a code. We don’t have to write the same code again and again. Also, it allows us to add more features to a class without modifying it.
It is transitive in nature, which means that if class B inherits from another class A, then all the subclasses of B would automatically inherit from class A.

Types of Inheritance – 
Single Inheritance:
Single-level inheritance enables a derived class to inherit characteristics from a single-parent class.

Multilevel Inheritance:
Multi-level inheritance enables a derived class to inherit properties from an immediate parent class which in turn inherits properties from his parent class.

Hierarchical Inheritance:
Hierarchical level inheritance enables more than one derived class to inherit properties from a parent class.

Multiple Inheritance:
Multiple level inheritance enables one derived class to inherit properties from more than one base class.


Polymorphism
Polymorphism simply means having many forms. For example, we need to determine if the given species of birds fly or not, using polymorphism we can do this using a single function.


Encapsulation
Encapsulation is one of the fundamental concepts in object-oriented programming (OOP). It describes the idea of wrapping data and the methods that work on data within one unit. This puts restrictions on accessing variables and methods directly and can prevent the accidental modification of data. To prevent accidental change, an object’s variable can only be changed by an object’s method. Those types of variables are known as private variables.


Data Abstraction 
It hides the unnecessary code details from the user. Also,  when we do not want to give out sensitive parts of our code implementation and this is where data abstraction came.

Data Abstraction in Python can be achieved through creating abstract classes.